README.md, before:

# scripts
Personal scripts: Useful scripts that help me do useful things.

Some of these scripts are my own creation and are licensed MIT license.

Some of these are created by others and contains their own licensing at the top of the 
file along with any of the original author's information I can find.

Everything here is "use at your own risk", "park it, lock it, not responsible" and 
"offer not valid in Sectors R and N"


### my useful nonsense

- urlmarkdowner
  - this is a simple script to turn links into markdown
  - if you invoke with a `-f file.md` it will append the link to that file
    otherwise it will write to stdout
  - using `-L url` will look up the URL you give it and use the title text
    as the title 
  - using `-l url` will write the word "Title:" followed by the bare URL.
  - this is not complete and functions will be added as needed.

### other people's programming

*You down with OPP? Yeah, you know me*

I will have scripts here as collected over the years that aren't mine. 
I will attempt to provide attribution and documentation for any script that
I have here, but in some cases that may not be possible. If you spot something
here that is definitively mis-attributed, let me know and I will investigate.
If it's yours and you want me to remove it, I will.
Any modifications will be released under the original license.

- kookbot.pl
  - Simulator of a frothing internet commenter written in Perl 
  - The original author appears to be Keunwoo Lee
  - According to the header, kookbot.pl is in the public domain
  - The original site is down, but can be found on [archive.org](https://web.archive.org/web/20111010023335/http://www.cs.washington.edu/homes/klee/misc/kookbot.html)

Commit message:

update the docs for urlmarkdowner

README.md, after:

# scripts
Personal scripts: Useful scripts that help me do useful things.

Some of these scripts are my own creation and are licensed MIT license.

Some of these are created by others and contains their own licensing at the top of the 
file along with any of the original author's information I can find.

Everything here is "use at your own risk", "park it, lock it, not responsible" and 
"offer not valid in Sectors R and N"


### my useful nonsense

- urlmarkdowner
  - this is a simple script to turn links into markdown
  - `urlmarkdowner -l url` will lookup the URL and print the markdown link to stdout.
  - if you invoke with a `-f file.md` it will append the link to that file
    otherwise it will write to stdout
    as the title 
  - `-t title_text` will prepend a title text of your choice to the link title
  - `-n` turns off the lookup featurea
  - this is not complete and functions will be added as needed.

### other people's programming

*You down with OPP? Yeah, you know me*

I will have scripts here as collected over the years that aren't mine. 
I will attempt to provide attribution and documentation for any script that
I have here, but in some cases that may not be possible. If you spot something
here that is definitively mis-attributed, let me know and I will investigate.
If it's yours and you want me to remove it, I will.
Any modifications will be released under the original license.

- kookbot.pl
  - Simulator of a frothing internet commenter written in Perl 
  - The original author appears to be Keunwoo Lee
  - According to the header, kookbot.pl is in the public domain
  - The original site is down, but can be found on [archive.org](https://web.archive.org/web/20111010023335/http://www.cs.washington.edu/homes/klee/misc/kookbot.html)
